feat(signal): remove passed signal from defautlMapOptionsToKey (#83)
americanexpress/fetchye: README.md

};
```

> ### Abort Signal

Reviewer: Im not sure that this should be documented in this mannor, else the readme should document all of the fetch apis. 
Maybe this should be framed as an example of aborting an inflight request on unmount.

When you neeed to abort the execution of a `useFetchye` call, you may 

> pass a signal as an option in such way.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
pass a signal as an option, as demonstrated below.
```

**Shape**

```

> const { isLoading, data, error, run } = useFetchye(key, { signal: {}, defer: Boolean, mapOptionsToKey: options => options, ...fetchOptions }, fetcher);

Reviewer: signal is a fetch api not fetchye so should be removed from here.

```suggestion
const { isLoading, data, error, run } = useFetchye(key, { defer: Boolean, mapOptionsToKey: options => options, ...fetchOptions }, fetcher);
```

|--------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|----------|---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `mapOptionsToKey`  | `(options: Options) => transformedOptions`            | `false`  | A function that maps options to the key that will become part of the cache key                                                                                      |
| `mapKeyToCacheKey` | `(key: String, options: Options) => cacheKey: String` | `false`  | A function that maps the key for use as the cacheKey allowing direct control of the cacheKey                                                                        |

> | `signal`           | `Object`                                              | `false`  | Prevents execution of `useFetchye` when desired cancelling DOM request (See [Abort Controller](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortController)).  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
